www/index.md: Added "HTML Fragments over the wire" (#318)
bigskysoftware/htmx: www/index.md

By removing these arbitrary constraints htmx completes HTML as a 
[hypertext](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypertext)

## HTML over the wire

Serializing data to JSON on the server and parsing the JSON on the client is the way 

> many frameworks (Angular, React Vue) work today.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
many frameworks (Angular, React, Vue) work today.
```
Missing comma

But maybe there is a simpler way?

htmx transfers server-rendered HTML fragments and thus simplifies how modern web applications
get developed.

> htmx extends HTML while staying true to its declarative nature to enable loading and submitting 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
htmx extends HTML while staying true to its declarative nature to enable dynamic
user interfaces just by loading and submitting HTML fragments - AKA "HTML
fragments over the wire".
```

This part didn't seem to explain why loading HTML fragments is useful, so here's a suggestion.

Other than that, LGTM

Author: Yes, thank you!

By removing these arbitrary constraints htmx completes HTML as a 
[hypertext](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypertext)

## HTML over the wire

Serializing data to JSON on the server and parsing the JSON on the client is the way 
many frameworks (Angular, React Vue) work today.

But maybe there is a simpler way?

Why not keep the client simple and stateless?

> htmx transfer html fragments and thus simplifies how modern web application

Reviewer 2: I think it might read better as:
"With htmx, you transfer html fragments thereby simplifiying how modern web applications"

> htmx transfer html fragments and thus simplifies how modern web application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
htmx transfers server-rendered html fragments and thus simplifies how modern web applications
```

Once again, I'm trying to make things clearer for SPA devs. React already has a thing called a Fragment; some people got confused with intercooler because they didn't understand you were meant to use it with a server side app

also typo fix

Author: Thank you for this comment, I updated the file

get developed.

> htmx extends html in a declarative way to enable loading and submitting 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
htmx extends html while stayig true to its declarative nature to enable loading and submitting 
```

Author: I added your suggestion.
